---
layout: post
title:  "A1"
---

# Huijoon Jang
S3837330
Github Repo:  https://github.com/Huijoon/Huijoon.github.io
Github Pages: https://huijoon.github.io/fisrt/


Personal information
I’m Huijoon Jang from South Korea.My student email is s3837330@student.rmit.edu.au. I usually swim as a hobby. I don't have a pet now, but I especially like to raise a dog. 

Interest in IT
The area I am interested in is web design. As my best friend when I was young, I became interested in IT and programming after learning C++. The reason I chose RMIT is because I wanted to live in Melbourne and learn English perfectly. So I chose RMIT, where I can English and the IT field  that I am interested in. While studying, I want to learn web design.

Ideal job
https://www.seek.com.au/job/53388778?type=standard#searchRequestToken=ef928af4-903a-4207-9f25-29d1523c1918
 I said earlier, I like animals, so I like the combination of animal and web design. All I need to do is study HTML and mobile app development. To achieve these skills, first of all, I have to finish this course with a good GPA. And when I finish, I buy a book that I feel is lacking and study alone. Mobile app development is not on this course, so I have to do it alone.

Personal profile
 This test result is an opportunity to know my personality to some extent. For example, whether I’m an extrovert or introvert. However, this test is a system of self-judgment and scoring. Therefore, whether intentionally or unintentionally, there is enough error in the outcome. So I think the test results are worthwhile as a reference rather than unconditional trust.
 Obviously, I think there is an impact within the team. Simply this is a personality test. There will be good synergy characters and on the contrary, there will be synergy that adversely affects each other.
 Some consideration seems good when forming a team. Because there is a better chance of creating a good synergy than not fully considering it. However, as I said earlier, the test should be used only for reference because it is self-judgmented and scored. Too much trust can have more side effects. This is because there are so many variables besides #the personality.

Project Idea
 I am going to make a mobile application. It is a used trading app. But Australia already has a very high market share called Gumtree. However, there are too many used professional  business men in Guntree.So I am going to create a second-hand trading app for personal direct transactions.
 Australia’s used economy is worth 34 billion dollar in 2018 (B&T MAGAZINE, 2018). But still 50 percent of Australian throw goods they do not use in trash cans. This means that the used market will grow further in the future. As the used market grows further, Australians have the opportunity to earn more money, extending the life of goods and protecting the environment. By doing direct transactions, it solves the inconvenience and reliability of parcels that have been inconvenient for traditional used transactions.
 When users first access the app and sign up for membership, users need to get a mobile phone authentication. Users can perform GPS authentication procedures and deal with neighbors within 30 kilometers. If users want to sell something, they can upload a post. Other users who have seen the post know how far the user is and can chat directly. Chatting allows the user to sound an alarm on their phone. It creates various categories. Such as, men’s clothing, women’s clothing, bags, electronics, books and instruments. Develop AI that blocks professional business men. However, professional vendors who are not blocked by AI also create features that other users can report directly. It develops a system that allows users to grade each other when a transaction is completed. Users with high ratings can be seen in the ranking category for other users within 30 kilometers of the surrounding area. Such a system would allow users to use fake GPS. And the plan I mentioned earlier is a mobile-focused project, and I need to find a way to expand it to the desktop.
 Android Studio is needed to create apps on Android. IOS requires an XCode to create an app.
 To create this app, I need to create a mobile app and use GPS for location authentication. I need to include a program to chat with each other.
 If the project is successful, there will be apps that can actually be used. If people use it, advertising may come in. The problem could be further grown if the development of AI to block professional vendors and the expansion into the desktop area were resolved. In the future, marketing to inform this app will also play an important role.

Reference
B&T MAGAZINE, ‘Australia's Second Hand Economy Now Worth $34 Billion’, 06 August 2018,https://www.bandt.com.au/australias-second-hand-economy-now-worth-34-billion/


